so we did the deep dive on building the
ipfs community and in particular we have
actually I'll point you to this link
here about 20 different problems and
solutions ideas there's a lot of things
going on I think we can do the the ones
I'd really like to point out is we
identified basically methods to onboard
right now especially new open source
contributors to the protocol labs
products themselves might be missing and
we like the idea of something like do
lingo where the model is effectively
tutorials to teach you how to build
tutorials so it feeds itself right we
also talked about there's a wide
potential to expand our community
outside of the the dev audience in
particular so there's really I think a
chance to expand the overall appeal of
ipfs lively and so basically a tool to
help someone self identify the best
place to plug in based on really what
they already know and what they are
interested or care about within this
kind of decentralized systems that we're
building and from there they can
actually get plugged into the local
communities and then we think that we
really need a method to organically and
virally grow as a community locally
without any need for direct support from
protocol apps so we think that this we
can get some support and building
templates and tools and content that's
reusable specifically to help
organizers succeed and again to kind of
pay it forward to go and recruit the
next guy and teach them how to do it and
then finally we thought that we really
need a way to kind of give I like the
analogy of kind of like a well time to
buff in a game to a community so it
timing here four major milestones and
launches can be really important to get
some of the core team coming in and have
like just a call in a roll calling just
to say hi to people draws a big crowd
it's really exciting and yeah so I think
that's probably it from us
[Applause]